# swagger_client
The Policy Database that stores three types of documents in dedicated collections.   1) User Privacy Policy. Each OPERANDO user has one UPP document describing their privacy policies for each of the OSP services they are subscribed to. The UPP contains the current B2C privacy settings for a subscribed to OSP. The UPP contains the users privacy preferences. The UPP contains the G2C access policies for the OSP with justification for access.   2) The legislation policies. The regulations entered into OPERANDO using the OPERANDO regulation API.   3) The OSP descriptions and data requests. For each OSP its privacy policy, its access control rules, and the data it requests (as a workflow). For B2C, the set of privacy settings is stored. 

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [http://www.operando.eu/support](http://www.operando.eu/support)

## Requirements.

Python 2.7 and 3.4+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on Github, you can install directly from Github

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com//.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com//.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client 
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import swagger_client
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import swagger_client
from swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint
# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.DELETEApi()
osp_id = 'osp_id_example' # str | The identifier number of an OSP

try:
    # Remove the OSPRequest entry in the database.
    api_instance.o_sp_osp_id_delete(osp_id)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling DELETEApi->o_sp_osp_id_delete: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://operando.eu/policy_database*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DELETEApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_delete**](docs/DELETEApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_delete) | **DELETE** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Remove the OSPRequest entry in the database.
*DELETEApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_delete**](docs/DELETEApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_delete) | **DELETE** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons/{reason-id} | Remove the AccessReason entry in the list.
*DELETEApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_delete**](docs/DELETEApi.md#regulations_reg_id_delete) | **DELETE** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Remove the PrivacyRegulation entry in the database.
*DELETEApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_delete**](docs/DELETEApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_delete) | **DELETE** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Remove the UPP entry in the database for the user.
*GETApi* | [**o_sp_get**](docs/GETApi.md#o_sp_get) | **GET** /OSP/ | Perform a search query across the collection of OSP behaviour.
*GETApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_get**](docs/GETApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Read a given OSP behaviour policy.
*GETApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_get**](docs/GETApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons | Get the list of access reason policy statements.
*GETApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_get**](docs/GETApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/ | Get the current set of privacy policy statements about the usage of data for stated reasons.
*GETApi* | [**regulations_get**](docs/GETApi.md#regulations_get) | **GET** /regulations/ | Perform a search query across the collection of regulation.
*GETApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_get**](docs/GETApi.md#regulations_reg_id_get) | **GET** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Read a given legislation with its ID.
*GETApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_get**](docs/GETApi.md#user_privacy_policy_get) | **GET** /user_privacy_policy/ | Perform a search query across the collection of UPPs.
*GETApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_get**](docs/GETApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_get) | **GET** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Read the user privacy policy for the given user id.
*LegislationApi* | [**regulations_get**](docs/LegislationApi.md#regulations_get) | **GET** /regulations/ | Perform a search query across the collection of regulation.
*LegislationApi* | [**regulations_post**](docs/LegislationApi.md#regulations_post) | **POST** /regulations/ | Create a new legislation entry in the database.
*LegislationApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_delete**](docs/LegislationApi.md#regulations_reg_id_delete) | **DELETE** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Remove the PrivacyRegulation entry in the database.
*LegislationApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_get**](docs/LegislationApi.md#regulations_reg_id_get) | **GET** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Read a given legislation with its ID.
*LegislationApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_put**](docs/LegislationApi.md#regulations_reg_id_put) | **PUT** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Update PrivacyRegulation entry in the database.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_get**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_get) | **GET** /OSP/ | Perform a search query across the collection of OSP behaviour.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_delete**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_delete) | **DELETE** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Remove the OSPRequest entry in the database.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_get**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Read a given OSP behaviour policy.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_get**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons | Get the list of access reason policy statements.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_post**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_post) | **POST** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons | Create a new access reason statement in the privacy policy.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_delete**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_delete) | **DELETE** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons/{reason-id} | Remove the AccessReason entry in the list.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_put**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons/{reason-id} | Update an access reason statement in the privacy policy.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_get**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_get) | **GET** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/ | Get the current set of privacy policy statements about the usage of data for stated reasons.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_put**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/ | Update OSP text policy entry in the database.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_put**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Update OSPBehaviour entry in the database.
*OSPApi* | [**o_sp_post**](docs/OSPApi.md#o_sp_post) | **POST** /OSP/ | Create a new OSP entry in the database.
*POSTApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_post**](docs/POSTApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_post) | **POST** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons | Create a new access reason statement in the privacy policy.
*POSTApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_put**](docs/POSTApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_access_reasons_reason_id_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/access-reasons/{reason-id} | Update an access reason statement in the privacy policy.
*POSTApi* | [**o_sp_post**](docs/POSTApi.md#o_sp_post) | **POST** /OSP/ | Create a new OSP entry in the database.
*POSTApi* | [**regulations_post**](docs/POSTApi.md#regulations_post) | **POST** /regulations/ | Create a new legislation entry in the database.
*POSTApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_post**](docs/POSTApi.md#user_privacy_policy_post) | **POST** /user_privacy_policy/ | Create a new UPP entry in the database for the user.
*PUTApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_put**](docs/PUTApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_privacy_policy_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/privacy-policy/ | Update OSP text policy entry in the database.
*PUTApi* | [**o_sp_osp_id_put**](docs/PUTApi.md#o_sp_osp_id_put) | **PUT** /OSP/{osp-id}/ | Update OSPBehaviour entry in the database.
*PUTApi* | [**regulations_reg_id_put**](docs/PUTApi.md#regulations_reg_id_put) | **PUT** /regulations/{reg-id}/ | Update PrivacyRegulation entry in the database.
*PUTApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_put**](docs/PUTApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_put) | **PUT** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Update UPP entry in the database for the user.
*UPPApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_get**](docs/UPPApi.md#user_privacy_policy_get) | **GET** /user_privacy_policy/ | Perform a search query across the collection of UPPs.
*UPPApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_post**](docs/UPPApi.md#user_privacy_policy_post) | **POST** /user_privacy_policy/ | Create a new UPP entry in the database for the user.
*UPPApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_delete**](docs/UPPApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_delete) | **DELETE** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Remove the UPP entry in the database for the user.
*UPPApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_get**](docs/UPPApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_get) | **GET** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Read the user privacy policy for the given user id.
*UPPApi* | [**user_privacy_policy_user_id_put**](docs/UPPApi.md#user_privacy_policy_user_id_put) | **PUT** /user_privacy_policy/{user-id}/ | Update UPP entry in the database for the user.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AccessPolicy](docs/AccessPolicy.md)
 - [AccessReason](docs/AccessReason.md)
 - [OSPConsents](docs/OSPConsents.md)
 - [OSPDataRequest](docs/OSPDataRequest.md)
 - [OSPPrivacyPolicy](docs/OSPPrivacyPolicy.md)
 - [OSPPrivacyPolicyInput](docs/OSPPrivacyPolicyInput.md)
 - [OSPReasonPolicy](docs/OSPReasonPolicy.md)
 - [OSPReasonPolicyInput](docs/OSPReasonPolicyInput.md)
 - [OSPSettings](docs/OSPSettings.md)
 - [PolicyAttribute](docs/PolicyAttribute.md)
 - [PrivacyRegulation](docs/PrivacyRegulation.md)
 - [PrivacyRegulationInput](docs/PrivacyRegulationInput.md)
 - [PrivacySetting](docs/PrivacySetting.md)
 - [UserPreference](docs/UserPreference.md)
 - [UserPrivacyPolicy](docs/UserPrivacyPolicy.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author

support@operando.eu

